My fellow toastmasters and friends. 
My name is Yeswanth. I am a software engineer working a startup called Fourthlion. 
I travel, read books and watch movies whenever I find time. 

The topic for today's speech is "How my brain functions"
I want to become an astronaut. I want to become a singer. 
I want to become a dancer. I want to learn scuba diving and swim in all five oceans. 
I want to become a pilot. I want to become the next Bill Gates. I want to do so many things in my 
life. These thoughts , they have become a constant turmoil in my head. I want to do this. I want to do
that and yet I am here doing nothing. Several nights passed. Several days passed. I am standing at the same 
place in my life. Let me not give you the wrong impression here, I have done lot of things in my life just 
because I chose them. I quit 2 jobs in my 2 year career and moved on with my 3rd job. I went to Goa twice in 7
months(once without a penny to spare after day 2) and another with bunch of 25 strangers whom I met on my first day.
I taught kids for about an year. I tried theatre. I learnt tennis. And yet, I was not 
impressed by myself. After many lonely walks and tonne of thoughts, an idea struck me. "Random" . I asked myself ,"Random? What does that mean?" According to Oxford dictionary
random is anything that is made, done, or happening without method or conscious decision
Let me explain 

<Show them a drawing>

What do you see here?
Snake? No? Guerilla? No?

Well, you see, the answers you gave are completely random. You look at different parts of this picture and you will see different things.
So, I thought, why not take my decisions in random and live with it. That would satisfy my brain.
I randomely chose and became a software engineer. Believe it or not guys, this was completely random. 
<story about counselling and how you chose cse>[if time allows]

Moral of the story :- It doesn't matter what algorithm you choose to take your decisions(for me it is random), but it is really 
important that you make a decision. 
And I would like to conclude by saying I think I want to join the Indian Army <Attention>

Mr. Toastmaster 


 
