Do you know what's special about this month? Any one? Any one at all 
<Swirling your moustache> Yes, that's correct. It's Movember. 
Mo stands for moustache and vember for november.
Do you know how it started? Let me tell you! 
So, there was this dude and there was this another dude. Both of them are 
good friends. One fine day in the month of November 2003, they met each other at a bar and started drinking beer
and talking about random things. 
So one dude says to another <in australian accent>, we haven't done anything this year. The other dude does not pay attention.
He shouts again , Dude! Dude! . The other dude's attention was fixated at one of the hotties 
entering the bar. Typical. The first dude , loosing patience slaps the other dude. <wuh-PSSSH>As a result , the
sauce from the french fries the second dude was holding rubs above his upper lip. It looked like a moustache!!!!

<Pause><Deep voice> My fellow audience, the scene where I ended the story is not an ordinary scene. It has been
repeated many many times in the history of mankind, when Archimedes ran naked in the city shouting "Euraka" he knew he found laws of floatation, when an apple fell on Newton's head he knew he found gravity, when Mark Zuckerberg headed home after being dumped by his girlfriend, he knew he found Facebook. 
Similarly, when tomato sauce smeared above his friend's upper lip, the first dude knew that he founded Movember. 
Needless to say, the Movember movement started by the first dude became an instant hit. Although, it started out as a fun event, where
fellow Mobros celebrated Movember with a moustache party at the end of the month. 
It soon became really famous that Adam Garone, none other than our first dude, came up with an idea of tieing up Movember with a cause.
Through the power of the moustache, Mobros spread awareness and raised funds for men’s health, as well as prostate and testicular cancer initiatives.
It also involved participation from women who love the moustache and actively support Movember and the men in their life.
Movember is now seen around the ground in 21 countries. 
In the United States alone, in the year 2013 there were more than two lakh participants and nearly twenty three million 
dollar funds were raised. 

Enough of the serious part, now let's get to some fun facts about growing a moustache:-
Fun Fact #1 A moustache melts a girls heart . <Pause for some laughs> Don't believe me?? Look around yourself and tell me at whom were the ladies   
            staring at in the last five minutes. <Pause for some laughs> That's my moustache! <swirl moustache> 
Fun Fact #2 A moustache is a perfect shoe polish brush.  <Pause for some laughs> Trust me, and try it once. 

<Pause>
So, next time you are planning to shave your moustache, keep in mind that moustache can lead you to better mind, health and heart.  
Thank you! 
